This also in theory means that it would work in the terminal as well like if I actually didn't start X11 this could still potentially work. I think obviously we wouldn't have the overlay but you could potentially share an actual proper terminal. So it was a bit of a conflict between the two. In the keyboard definition you talked about sending a JSON body but then in the mouse one later on you said a binary one. I assume you were talking about binary because for mouse pointers you need them to be as small as possible because there's going to be many of them if you're moving around. And so therefore you thought well if we're doing binary for the mouse maybe we should do binary for the keyboard as well to have lower latency. Was the binary data structures inspired by anything? Is it anywhere near what Uinput uses or any other well defined one or were you making up a protocol ourselves? I just like the idea that there might be some prior art here. So actually this brings me to my next thought which is this will be working with Macs and Linux and obviously people have different keyboard layouts not just internationalization but also across OS and it's something that's always annoyed me. I went working with Mac versus Linux. You know it's like the muscle memory but also yeah that piece around you know if you've got a different type of keyboard you know a different language. So I'd like to be able to have this mappability as a kind of important extension point. So if we were going to map anyway it might make sense for us to own our own message. Okay that's great. So that's we've solved the mapping problem and yeah I would like it to be something that we can potentially have as user configurable. It doesn't need to be in stage one but at least you know that we know there might be a hook for it. So the next thing I want to kind of cover is the default mode actually and this adds another layer to it. So this when we're in input mode I don't want this to be the default. So I actually want the default to be a bit like we've got now kind of read only mode but actually it's a mode where you can draw on the screen and you would draw on the screen in the same color as that you have you know the mouse the multi mouse cursor so you're drawing pen and your mouse pen are the same basically.
